hello this is ric KY the android guy hey
guys today we're gonna be going over the
review for the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3
light now first and foremost we're gonna
find today if you should get this tablet
the biggest thing of course that appeals
to most consumers about it is the price
point so that is the price is normally
at 159 and can go on sale of course for
139 129 possible and who knows how low
to go down in the holidays time now the
main thing about this device is that it
is a seven inch screen with Android 4.2
on there it does have a micro SD card
slot for expandable 'ti but it only has
eight gigs internal because it is
Android 4.2 though the micro SD will
allow you to put apps on the SD card
if the apps allow so it is a two
megapixel rear camera but important to
note it does not have a front facing
camera also important to note is that
one of the biggest highlights of this
device is that it does have the multi
window screen that is found on only
certain Samsung devices mostly the newer
ones now compared to other 7-inch
tablets on the market it does have a
good speed but definitely not the
fastest what's powering this is a
dual-core processor clocked in at 1.2
gigahertz and a graphics card that is
fairly generic in terms of built-in
storage you have about five point one
three that you start off with which
gives you a decent amount of apps space
but again it depends on how quickly you
can fill that up in terms of sound
quality it's okay it's not the best
definitely out there I don't like the
speaker placement per se because it's on
the back and even at the loudest setting
it sounds muffled and again just because
it's away from you it doesn't sound as
well as you would probably like it to
for watching media no real complaints on
it the colors do seem washed out at
times and colors just aren't as vivid as
you would mark so like them to be
overall though is it a decent tablet yes
if you're if you're looking for the
basics of a tablet this is a descent one
for the price the more so the question
is is the competition that it's going to
go up against we have some couple of
tablets coming out such as the Asus
going for I believe 139 Adele going at
149 and other tablets in the market that
should compete fairly decently with this
tablet so is this worth it again for
your basic users that are just going to
basically browse the web maybe listen to
music watch YouTube video yes it'll suit
them fine if you definitely want more of
a tablet though you better off looking
at either as Samsung's Pro Series which
starts off at almost a hundred and
twenty one hundred and forty dollars
more or you might take a look at even
the top four series if it comes out or
the Nexus 7 series that is currently on
the market and future ones as well so
that is my review for the guys Tab 3
light if you found this video helpful
please give a like thumbs up and if you
have any questions on specifics for this
tablet feel free to ask this has been
Ric KY the Android guy
you